# MoM - WebRTC Working group - 231106

**Date:** 06/nov/2023

## Attendees

* Ricardo Serrano (Telefónica)
* David Moro (Telefónica)
* Pedro Jose Gutierrez (Telefónica)
* Javier Villa (Telefónica)
* Rafał Artych (T-Mobile)
* Deepak Jaiswal (T-Mobile)
* Pradeep Achar Pushpa (Mavenir)
* Sushanth Hegde (Mavenir)
* Elías Pérez (Quobis)

## Agenda

1. Previous meeting minutes aproval
2. Notifications flow discussion
3. Identity providing
   * Parameters handling (userID and deviceID)
   * Line selection

## Discussion

| Item | Who | Description |
| ---- | --- | ----------- |
| Minutes from last meeting | WebRTC WG | Aproved |
| Notifications flow discussion | WebRTC WG | As stated in the previous meeting, there should be a third API specification file defined specifically for the Notification channel. Sushanth came up with the YAML specification and will be PR-ed by today.<br>For now it only supports Websockets but in the future it may support other channel types.  |
| Parameters handling (userID and deviceID) | WebRTC WG | The userID will be the telco IdP token. <br> The deviceID will be the unique device identifyer. <ul><li>  Regarding multitabs in browsers, there will not be provided new identities to each of the tabs as there will be multiple ringing (undesired behaviour)  |
| Line selection | WebRTC WG | To close the issue as it is agreed that the line selection should be done outside the API scope.<br>Anyhow, it is needed to see the end to end API to clarify this point |
| Error handling | WebRTC WG | Error handling should be taken into account and it need to be definded what to do in cases when the user do not have a line (error to be handled by the IdP) or state if there is needed to state a limit on registered lines for a user |

## Action points

| Description | Who | 
| ----------- | --- |
| 1. Close line selection issue opened  | Ricardo Serrano |
| 2. Make the first contribution for the documentation of the API in markdown format | Sushanth Hegde |
| 3. Make the PR of the notification channel specification | Sushanth Hegde |
| 4. Make first proposal on Error Handling in the new Issue created | Deepak Jaiswal |
| 5. Review uploaded files on CAMARA, check the format and provide comments  | All |

## AOB

* Next meeting will be the 20th of november
