# MoM - WebRTC Working Group - 231205

**Date:** 5/dec/2023

## Attendees

* Ricardo Serrano (Telefónica)
* Rafał Artych (T-Mobile)
* Deepak Jaiswal (T-Mobile)
* Pradeep Achar Pushpa (Mavenir)
* Elías Pérez (Quobis)
* Benjamin Busvel (Orange)

## Agenda

1. Update on YAML files status: [Pull Request #6](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/pull/6)
2. Discussion current YAML files 
3. Next Steps


## Discussion

| Item | Who | Description |
| ---- | --- | ----------- |
| Update on YAML files status | WebRTC WG| Mavenir have been doing some reviews and changes over the comments provided by the participants.|
|Discussion current YAML files| WebRTC WG| Documentation is ready and can be consulted: <li>[documentation/API_documentation/webrtc voice api.md](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/blob/main/documentation/API_documentation/webrtc%20voice%20api.md)<br> Deepak (TMUS). Proposed changes to be discussed: <li> Incorporate the `notficationChannelURI` to the response in the RACM API <li> In the RACM API response, add support for multiple MSISDN users (add `msisdn` param (list of MSISDNs the user have launched the service in) within the `connectionInformation` schema as optional). Also add the proper error codes to support this. |
|Next steps| webRTC WG | It is proposed to incorporate the minor changes proposed during the meeting and come up with the first release of the API (version 0.1.0) <br> For the next release of the API (version 0.1.1) it is proposed to incorporate the handling of multilines-users in the RACM API (depending on complexity this could be incorporated in this release but only for the responses) |

## Action points

| Description | Who | 
| ----------- | --- |
| 1. Review the pull request regarding format and update of the repository proposed by Ricardo | Pradeep Achar |
| 2. Review minor changes proposed by Deepak and try to acomodate them | Pradeep Achar |
| 3. Propose commented changes over ther existing Pull Request if needed | Deepak Jaiswal |
| 4. Merge the PR and come up with the first release of the API once all the changes are ready | Ricardo Serrano |
| 5. Review all the repository contributions and provide comments (do not hessitate to open a new issue or a PR if you consider it necessary) | All |

## AOB
* Next meeting will be the 19th of december 
