# MoM - WebRTC Working group - 231106

**Date:** 20/nov/2023

## Attendees

* Ricardo Serrano (Telefónica)
* David Moro (Telefónica)
* Pedro Jose Gutierrez (Telefónica)
* Javier Villa (Telefónica)
* Rafał Artych (T-Mobile)
* Deepak Jaiswal (T-Mobile)
* Pradeep Achar Pushpa (Mavenir)
* Sushanth Hegde (Mavenir)
* Santiago Troncoso (Quobis)
* Jesus Pedruelo (Vodafone)

## Agenda


1. Previous meetings approval: Minutes of Meeting 231106 by TEF-RicardoSerr · [Pull Request #8](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/pull/8) · camaraproject/WebRTC · GitHub
2. Notification issue and PR comments discussion: Updated yaml files by pradeepachar-mavenir · [Pull Request #6](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/pull/6) · camaraproject/WebRTC · GitHub
3. Next steps (documentation)

## Discussion

| Item | Who | Description |
| ---- | --- | ----------- |
| Minutes from last meeting | WebRTC WG | To be Aproved |
| Notifications flow discussion | WebRTC WG | <ul><li> T-Mobile sugests to keep the notification system method in a separate channel and only send to the API endpoint the content of the notification system. Also sugest to follow the OMA standard for API definition. <li> Telefonica concerns about PNS channels not being supported and the structure of the API itself.<li> Mavenir commit to update the YAMLs having this two bullets into account <li> The first sequence would be to create the notification channel and the second sequence would be to do the registration |
Others | WebRTC WG| <ul><li> The operators have internal credentials which are the ones to be used in the registration process in the API (Telco IdP would provide the Token) <li> Quobis recommends making it clear in the documentation that the authentication process will be done via Oauth. |


## Action points

| Description | Who | 
| ----------- | --- |
| 1. Error Analysis, [issue #7](https://github.com/camaraproject/WebRTC/issues/7) | Deepak Jaiswal|
| 2. Update the RACM and notificationchannel API so to be OMA compliant,  and making sure that we can encapsule PNS in this new specification| Sushanth Hedge/ Padreep Achar |
| 4. Review and accept the previous minutes | Sushanth Hedge/ Padreep Achar |
| 5. Review uploaded files on CAMARA, check the format and provide comments  | All |

## AOB

* Next meeting will be the *4th of December*


---------------------------------------------



