# MoM - WebRTC Working group - 231023

**Date:** 23/oct/2023

## Attendees

* Ricardo Serrano (Telefónica)
* Cristina Santana (Telefónica)
* Pedro Jose Gutierrez (Telefónica)
* Javier Villa (Telefónica)
* Rafał Artych (T-Mobile)
* Deepak Jaiswal (T-Mobile)
* Pradeep Achar Pushpa (Mavenir)
* Sushanth Hegde (Mavenir)
* Santiago Troncoso (Quobis)
* Elías Pérez (quobis)
* Jesus Pedruelo (Vodafone)
* Maxime Delon (Orange)

## Agenda

1. Welcome participants 
2. Time slot approval
3. API Background
4. Scope definition:
   <ul><li>Technical Scope
   <li>Task management</ul>
5. Roles definition (CODEOWNERS, MAINTAINERS)


## Discussion

Deepak: not to focus only on simple use cases and be concerned always that the API needs to be evolved to complex ones.  
Focus initially on the proposed use case to develop later  
Notification flows are a point of interest.  
The delivery UNI will initially be done thorugh JSON over websockets.  
The NBI will be API REST.

| Item | Who | Description |
| ---- | --- | ----------- |
| Time slot for the repetitions | webRTC WG| Aproved: Mondays 8am CET each 15 days. |
|Functional Scope aproval| webRTC WG| Aproved: <br> Enable web endpoints (clients) to register, receive and make calls through an UNI API based on the OIDC FE flow. Then the functional scope for the API is: <ul><li> Enable a web endpoint to register for IMS services through a webRTC Gateway using Oauth 2.0 and the Operator provided Identity Provider (IDP) <li> Open webSockets to receive IMS call events using JSON for the delivery <li> Make calls from the endpoint (client) side by establishing WebSocket using the channel URL received as part of the registration procedure.</ul> For this Scope two separated API are proposed: <ul><li> One API for REST clients for 1-1 calling (CALL HANDLING) <li> One API for clients to manage Registration and Connectivity (RACM) towards MNO's IMS Network (REGISTRATION AND CONNECTIVITY MANAGEMENT)</ul>|
|Proposed Roles| webRTC WG | CODE OWNERS: <ul><li> Ricardo Serrano: @TEF-RicardoSerr <li> Sushanth Hegde: @sushanthmavenir <li> Pradeep Achar Pushpa: @pradeepachar-mavenir </ul> MAINTAINERS: <ul><li>Rafał Artych: @rartych <li> Deepak Jaiswal: @deepakjaiswal1 <li> Santiago Troncoso: @stroncoso-quobis <li> Elías Pérez: @eliaspc <li>Jesus Pedruelo: @jesus-pb <li> Ratna Ratnanandan: @ratnavf <li> Benjamin Busvel: @BenjaminBusvel </ul>|

## Action points

| Description | Who | 
| ----------- | --- |
| 1. Create the first PR with the two proposed seed YAML documents: <ul><li> CallHandling-Service <li> RACM-Service| Ricardo Serrano|
| 2. Evaluate the accomodation of notifications to the webclient in the API Flow and bring a proposal for the nov/6th meeting | Sushanth Hegde |
| 3. Create a new issue "Notifications integration" to give ofline follow-up to Sushanth with his action point | Ricardo Serrano |
| 4. Update the repository information (maintainers, scope, codeowners etc.) | Ricardo Serrano |

## AOB
* Next meeting will be the 6th of november 
